JUDY WOODRUFF: Good evening.
I'm Judy Woodruff.
On the "NewsHour" tonight:
a White House shakeup
at the highest level.
President Trump picks Secretary
of Homeland Security John Kelly
as his new chief of staff,
replacing Reince Priebus.
Then:
SEN.
MITCH MCCONNELL (R-KY), Majority
Leader: This is, you know,
clearly a disappointing moment.
JUDY WOODRUFF: A
dramatic defeat.
The U.S. Senate fails
to pass health care
reform in an overnight
vote, dealing a painful
blow to the president
and the Republican Party.
And it's Friday.
Mark Shields and David
Brooks weigh in on all
these developments,
capping yet another
tumultuous week for the
Trump administration.
Then: Detroit's violent past
put to paint - - how the
deadly 1967 riots inspire a new
generation of artists
in the Motor City.
PATRINA CHATMAN, Curator,
Charles H. Wright Museum
of African-American
History: You see
the emotions of the
artists, describing history
from their perspective.
I see the politics.
I see the social concerns
that people had in it.
I see their pain.
JUDY WOODRUFF: All that and more
on tonight's "PBS NewsHour."
(BREAK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: Reince Priebus
is out as White House chief of
staff tonight, after just six
months on the job.
President Trump announced in
a tweet late today that John
Kelly, the secretary of homeland
security, will take his place.
The president had more to say
after returning from a day trip
to New York, a trip that Priebus
was on.
DONALD TRUMP, President
of the United States:
Reince is a good man.
John Kelly will do
a fantastic job.
General Kelly has been a star,
done an incredible job thus far,
respected by everybody, a great,
great American.
Reince Priebus, a good man.
Thank you very much.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And to help
unpack what led to this change
at the top, I'm joined now
by Robert Costa, reporter
for The Washington
Post and moderator of
"Washington Week" here
on PBS.
Welcome, Robert.
And as I go to you, I'm going
to share with everybody just
briefly what the president's
tweets were.
He tweeted -- this was late
this afternoon - - he said: "I
am pleased to inform you that
I just named General
Secretary John F. Kelly as
White House chief of staff.
He's a great American
and great leader.
He said: "John has also
done a spectacular job
at Homeland Security.
He's been a true star
of my administration."
And finally, he said: "I would
like to thank Reince Priebus
for his service and dedication
to this country.
We accomplished a lot together
and I'm proud of him!"
But I guess it didn't work out.
ROBERT COSTA: It was a sudden
change, Judy, but it was also
a change that was in the works
for months.
The president brought on Reince
Priebus because he saw him as
a whisperer to House speaker,
Paul Ryan, a close friend of
Priebus from Wisconsin and
he thought Priebus could help
get his legislative
agenda through.
But as that agenda stalled on
health care and other fronts,
he began to muse in recent
months with friends about
perhaps making a change at
the top of the White House.
Kelly has been at the forefront
of his mind because he's
not a dramatic future and he
has executed for the president
on immigration policy.
JUDY WOODRUFF: There have
been so many ups and downs,
as you know very well, because
you have been covering it every
day, for this White House.
How did the president
see Reince Priebus as
connected to that or not?
Did he blame him for
what's been going on?
ROBERT COSTA: He thought
Priebus, because he had run the
Republican National Committee,
could be a stabilizing force.
But Priebus as RNC chairman
was always a low-key presence.
He wasn't who was known for
managing a large organization
in a military-style fashion.
The president wanted that
kind of person to come in.
And it's important to note
that Kelly has a strong
relationship with Jared Kushner,
the senior adviser, and
actually Steve Bannon,
the chief strategist.
And they represent the two poles
in this warring White House.
So there is an expectation now
from my sources that Kelly can
come in and try to be a calming
force.
JUDY WOODRUFF: You mentioned
the two poles, but we also
had the announcement the other
day from the president he is
bringing in a new communications
director, Anthony Scaramucci,
who has been in a
very visible war.
And the language that he used
in that conversation with a "New
Yorker" magazine reporter was
making all kind of news
headlines yesterday.
How does that fit into all this?
ROBERT COSTA: No, it's a smart
observation, because it does
seem incongruent to have this
swashbuckling New Yorker in
Anthony Scaramucci now working
alongside General Kelly, who is
known for being a
very precise man.
But it really reflects how the
president is trying to turn to
his loyalists from New York,
as well as to military figures
as he tries to right the ship.
He knows his health care
legislation is going nowhere
right now on Capitol Hill.
He's trying to recover
his presidency, turning
to two different types,
the New Yorkers and
the military.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, does this
look to you, Robert, like
this is a team that can work
smoothly together, that can get
this White House back on some
semblance of a normal track?
ROBERT COSTA: Well, General
Kelly has said publicly in
the past that he would like to
maybe try to monitor the
president's calls, that
he thinks there could
be more organization
inside of the West Wing.
It's going to be interesting
to see if he can really try
to contain the Oval Office.
This is an Oval Office
that's known for having
a lot of entryway, people
coming in and offering
their advice, often
unsolicited, to the president.
If Kelly can get ahold of that
in a way Priebus never did,
maybe he can turn it around.
But he also has to navigate
all the different circles
around President Trump.
He is someone who is known
not just for having a
straight chain of command.
He talks to a lot of
people all the time.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, speaking
of which, what one hears is
that this is a president who
really likes to be his
own chief of staff.
ROBERT COSTA: Indeed.
JUDY WOODRUFF: He likes
-- he's a detail person.
He wants to know what everybody
is doing, how they're doing it.
How is likely to fit with
somebody like General Kelly?
ROBERT COSTA: General Kelly
doesn't have a deep personal
relationship with President
Trump.
Will he stop the
president from tweeting?
That's what all my
sources want to know.
Can he actually stop
the president from, as
you say, being his own
chief of staff, being
his own spokesman?
For now, it seems like
Scaramucci and others
are channeling the
president in their public
presentation, not
trying to hold him back.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The other thing,
Robert, I have to raise are
the so-called -- what the
White House and the president
like to call the leaks which
they say are coming from a
lot of people in the White
House and the administration
that shouldn't be, but
then the stories one
also hears that not only is
the president talking to the
press, but people at the highest
levels in the White House.
How is all that likely to change
or not as a result of this?
ROBERT COSTA: It's a very
messy situation, because the
president is furious behind the
scenes.
He's telling his aides that
they need to stop the leaks,
but often these leaks are coming
from some of his own
White House officials.
And there's a big difference
between intelligence
community leaks and leaks
about palace intrigue
inside of the West Wing.
But a lot of the president's
aides are just trying to reflect
his own unhappiness about
a White House he thinks
that is talking too much.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, it is --
as you and I were just saying,
it's one more tumultuous
day in what's been
nonstop tumult.
ROBERT COSTA: And everyone was
thinking maybe Attorney General
Sessions would be the person
to go at the end of this week,
after all of his struggles
with President Trump, but it
was Priebus.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And we don't
know what is going to happen
to the attorney general at this
point.
ROBERT COSTA: We do not.
Robert Costa, thanks.
And you're going to have much
more on "Washington Week"
on all these PBS stations.
Thank you.
ROBERT COSTA: Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And now to the
day's other big story, and
that is the collapse of Senate
Republican efforts to
pass a health care bill.
A last-ditch effort
for a partial repeal of
Obamacare failed by a
single vote early today,
frustrating Republican
leaders and the president.
Lisa Desjardins
begins our coverage.
LISA DESJARDINS: President Trump
today showed no sign of backing
down, despite the stunning
Senate defeat.
DONALD TRUMP, President of
the United States: They should
have approved health care last
night, but you can't
have everything.
Boy, oh, boy.
They have been working on
that one for seven years.
Can you believe that?
The swamp.
But we will get it done.
We're going get it done.
LISA DESJARDINS: At an event for
police officers in Ronkonkoma,
New York, he was blunt.
DONALD TRUMP: You
know, I said from the
beginning, let Obamacare
implode, and then do it.
I turned out to be right.
Let Obamacare implode.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
LISA DESJARDINS: All this after
the Senate's overnight drama.
Outside the Capitol stood
a crowd of protesters.
Inside, around 10:00 p.m.
Last night, Republicans had
just released their bill, and
Democrats like Chris Murphy
were irate that the vote on
it was in just two hours.
SEN.
CHRIS MURPHY (D), Connecticut:
This is nuclear-grade bonkers,
what is happening here tonight.
LISA DESJARDINS: Hawaii Democrat
Mazie Hirono, now being treated
for kidney cancer, added
a personal dimension.
SEN.
MAZIE HIRONO (D), Hawaii: I
lost a sister to pneumonia
when she was only 2 years old
in Japan.
She died at home, so I know
how important health care is.
What I don't get is why
every single senator
doesn't know that know that.
LISA DESJARDINS: A frustrated
Senator Mike Enzi, Republican
of Wyoming, said Democrats
offered only complaints.
SEN.
MICHAEL B. ENZI (R),
Wyoming: And I started
hearing, it's not perfect.
It's not perfect.
Well, where are the
suggestions for making it
as near perfect as possible?
LISA DESJARDINS: And so, shortly
after midnight, a first vote
began, with Democrats somber
and in their seats.
On the opposite side,
slowly arriving Republicans
were more social.
But something notable, Alaska
Senator Lisa Murkowski walked
over to Arizona's John McCain,
and he signaled a thumbs down.
Murkowski, along with Susan
Collins of Maine, were
two expected no votes.
Soon, Vice President Mike Pence
stepped over, shook hands and
then spent a long 20 minutes
apparently trying to
win McCain's vote.
Minutes later, another signal.
McCain walked over to Democrats.
A large group surrounded him.
Nearby, GOP Leader Mitch
McConnell walked the other way,
just as McCain was embraced
by California's
Dianne Feinstein.
The final vote resembled a
great sporting event, Democrats
on their feet as McCain walked
up to vote.
Some, like Massachusetts'
Elizabeth Warren,
leaned to watch him.
And he signaled his vote
with a simple thumbs down.
(APPLAUSE)
LISA DESJARDINS: Democrats
gasped and clapped,
before their leader waved
them off and stopped
the applause.
Outside, protesters
did not hold back.
It all marked a seismic shift
in momentum and emotions.
SEN.
MITCH MCCONNELL (R-KY), Majority
Leader: This is, you know,
clearly a disappointing moment.
LISA DESJARDINS: Republican
Leader McConnell thanked his
side and slammed Democrats.
SEN.
MITCH MCCONNELL: Now, I imagine
many of our colleagues on the
other side are celebrating.
I think the American people are
going to regret that we couldn't
find a better way forward.
And, as I said, we look forward
to our colleagues on the other
side suggesting what they have
in mind.
LISA DESJARDINS: As the
night turned to day,
bipartisan calls grew louder.
Democratic Minority Leader Chuck
Schumer said his party is ready.
SEN.
CHUCK SCHUMER (D-NY),
Minority Leader: I hope
we can work together to
make the system better
in a bipartisan way.
And I'm optimistic
that that can happen.
Nobody has said
Obamacare is perfect.
Nobody has said our health care
system doesn't need fixing.
LISA DESJARDINS: So,
where does that begin?
Likely with a return to the
traditional committee process.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And Lisa
joins me now for more,
along with Sarah Kliff.
She's a senior policy
correspondent for the Web site
Vox, and she covers health care.
And you were with us last night.
And we wanted to have you
both with us again tonight.
So, Lisa, what a lot of drama.
You were up most of the
night covering that.
Where do things stand?
Where do they go from here?
LISA DESJARDINS: It seems like
the idea is that perhaps they
can get help from the Health
Committee, which is the
Health, Labor and Pensions
Committee in the Senate.
One reason for that, Judy,
not just because its covers
health care, but because of its
leaders.
Senator Lamar Alexander
of Tennessee is the
Republican chairman,
and the ranking Democrat
is Patty Murray, both of them
senior members of their party
who thought are of very highly
and who have done
bipartisan deals before.
Senator Alexander is
planning hearings.
And they're hoping that
something comes of this
in the way of legislation.
Also, Judy, there were
conversations on and off
the floor last night.
Senator Perdue told me already
Republicans and Democrats
speaking with each other.
But they all have
one problem still.
Unclear what could pass.
It seemed like last night's
vote was very close, but the
truth is, Judy, is that McCain
was expressing something
a lot of Republicans felt.
This bill was far short of a
number of people who really
wanted it to become law.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, what
are the roadblocks?
Is it figuring out the policy?
Because I have had people
say to me, well, if you could
just put folks in a room and
not worry about politics,
you could get it done.
But you're suggesting
it's not that simple.
LISA DESJARDINS: It's
complicated because
Republicans have tried
to put a lot of together
different ideas together here.
For one, Planned Parenthood,
defunding Planned Parenthood
has been part of that.
That's something that
Susan Collins and Lisa
Murkowski haven't liked.
There is an idea that, if they
pared it down and focused on
fixing the Affordable Care
Act, that perhaps, perhaps
they can come up with
some ideas they share.
But this is just less than 24
hours after things fell apart.
But that is the hope right now.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, let's talk
about what's at stake as they
figure this out, Sarah Kliff,
because, until there is new
legislation, the Affordable
Care Act is in effect.
It's out there.
What's going to happen to it?
SARAH KLIFF, Vox: That
is a fantastic question,
and you're right.
There are millions of
people who get coverage
through the Affordable
Care Act, particularly
through the marketplaces.
These are people who buy
private insurance, often
with tax subsidies,.
And we are expecting some pretty
significant premium increases
unless we have some kind
of changes in policy from
the Trump administration.
They have done some things
to increase uncertainty.
And when insurance companies
sense uncertainty, they
react by raising prices.
And that's what we're seeing
in the marketplaces right now.
JUDY WOODRUFF: What
are insurance companies
- - I know it's only
been not even 24 hours
since this happened, but
what's your understanding,
from having reported on
this for a long time,
that insurance
companies need to have?
What are they looking for
as Congress works its way
through at this point?
SARAH KLIFF: They're going
to be looking for two things.
They want to know that
the individual mandate,
the requirement to
carry health insurance,
that will be enforced by
the Trump administration.
Even though the Trump
administration has been
negative on that provision,
they want to know
that they will tell people, if
you don't buy insurance, there
is a fine because they think
that gets healthy people
to sign up for coverage.
They also want a guarantee
from President Trump that he
will continue paying threat
cost-sharing
reduction subsidies.
It's this $8 million --
or $8 billion -- excuse me
-- fund that helps offset
co-pays for low-income
Americans.
They don't know if they're
going to get that money.
And they want a
guarantee on that.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And, meantime,
Lisa, what the president has
said -- in fact, he said it
- - was tweeting this morning
and last night - - let Obamacare
implode, which sounds like
he's not going to be
putting any money out there.
LISA DESJARDINS: Right, nor does
it sound like he necessarily
wants to enforce the individual
or employer mandates.
So that's a real question
for Congress now.
Does Congress take action
to force, for example,
those cost-sharing
reductions, that $8 billion,
I think it's $10
billion next year?
Does Congress fund
that on its own?
There are many Republicans
would like to do that, but they
know that anything right now
in Congress like that
is a heavy lift, but it
is in the conversation.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Is there --
Sarah, as you talk to folks out
there in the health care world,
whether it's insurance
companies, hospitals,
and the others, are they
coming up with another
approach at all this?
Are they standing back
with their fingers crossed?
How do they look
at this right now?
SARAH KLIFF: The insurance
companies in particular
have been quite vocal,
really less vocal in
the repeal fight, and much
more vocal on stabilization.
They keep talking about
the cost-sharing reduction
subsidies, about the
individual mandate.
Even just today, after we saw
repeal fail, we saw this flurry
of letters from insurance
companies saying, we need
stabilization right now.
And we are getting
close to the deadline.
Insurance companies
have to decide in about
September if they're going
to sell on healthcare.gov
or not.
And these are assurances
they are asking before they
sign those contract letters.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, if they're
on that kind of timeline,
Lisa, it takes Congress a while
to get things done.
They did have at least some
recess coming in August.
What does the timeline
look like there and what
about House members?
They have had an even more
conservative position on
this than in the Senate.
LISA DESJARDINS: The Senate
is in session two more weeks.
That's part of the August
recess that they rolled back.
So, I don't expect major action,
but perhaps conversations
can tart happening that give
us an idea of whether
something tangible is
possible in September.
As for the House, Speaker Ryan
put out a statement saying he
was disappointed and frustrated.
But I think the real feelings
of House members were expressed
better by Diane Black of the
Budget Committee, who lashed
out at the Senate, said it was
a slap in the face of what the
House had done.
And it seems like that is
going to be a real problem in
the two chambers trusting each
other in the future.
There is some hope that they
could do something by September,
but I'm not sure what that's
based on, to be honest.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Yes, I think
people -- a lot of people, it
seems to me, Sarah, are standing
back saying, can the two
parties work together now, when
clearly the Republicans, acting
on their own, it didn't happen?
SARAH KLIFF: And lot of it,
honestly, rests with the Trump
administration at this point.
They are creating a
lot of the uncertainty.
And it's been interesting
to watch their Health
and Human Services
Department, which has kind
of acted as an attack shop
on the Affordable Care Act.
They send press releases every
time an insurance company quits
the marketplace or raises its
rates and they send
these and say, look, this
is why we need repeal.
I am watching to see if they
change their tactics now
that the repeal bill seems to
be dead and say, yes, we won't
repeal, but, in the meantime, we
kind of -- we run healthcare.gov
right now, and we want to make
it work as well as we can.
We don't know if we're
going to see that shift.
And if we do, it would really
be a 180 from how they have
treated the Affordable Care
Act so far.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So much
of the ball is in the
administration's court,
the Trump administration's
court, as we wait to
see what Congress does.
Thank you both, an
extraordinary story to follow.
Sarah Kliff, our own Lisa
Desjardins, thank you.
In the day's other news:
North Korea launched its
second intercontinental
ballistic missile
that flew higher and
farther than its first
attempts earlier this month.
This missile stayed aloft for
45 minutes, before landing
in the Sea of Japan, near the
Western Japanese
island of Hokkaido.
SHINZO ABE, Japanese Prime
Minister (through translator):
This launch clearly shows that
the threat to our security
is real and severe.
As long as North Korea
continues these provocations,
the U.S., South Korea,
China and Russia and
the whole international
community must closely
cooperate and apply
additional pressure.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The Pentagon
confirms that the U.S. and
South Korea together staged a
joint-live fire military
exercise in response.
The North Korean missile was
launched at a high angle.
Some U.S. analysts say that
the flight path, flattened out,
means that it could reach the
U.S. mainland.
Washington has slapped
more economic sanctions
on Iran, for launching
a rocket that can carry
satellites.
Tehran said yesterday
it successfully fired
the rocket into space.
The U.S. says the same
technology could be used in
missiles that carry warheads.
The new sanctions target
six Iranian companies
that are deemed central
to Iran's ballistic
missile program.
The prime minister of
Pakistan is out of a job.
Nawaz Sharif stepped down today,
after the country's highest
court ordered him removed
from office.
Jonathan Miller of Independent
Television News,has our report.
JONATHAN MILLER: Three thousand
armed police and paramilitary
rangers ringed Pakistan's
Supreme Court as, in courtroom
number one, a five-judge
panel met to decide the fate
of Prime Minister Nawaz
Sharif, accused of accumulating
wealth disproportionate to his
income.
Elected three times
to the highest office,
but yet to complete a
five-year term, Sharif
has been toppled in a coup,
jailed, exiled, and once
before ousted for corruption.
Would history be repeated?
Opposition glee signaled what
was a unanimous guilty verdict,
the prime minister deemed
untruthful and dishonest,
ordered to stand down and barred
from holding office, as judges
ordered a criminal investigation
which could put him in jail.
MAN: The team of the prime
minister has committed
a heinous crime by way
of fraud and forgery
of the documents.
JONATHAN MILLER: The documents
relate to posh flats in this
block on Park Lane in London.
Leaked from a legal firm
in Panama, the Panama
papers revealed that
two of Sharif's sons
and his daughter concealed
family ownership of
these through a string
of offshore companies.
Nawaz Sharif was questioned in
person by civilian and military
investigators just last month.
When he emerged, he said there
was no stain of corruption
on either him or his family,
no embezzlement, no
misappropriation of
government funds.
Tonight, he's gone,
amid calls for the U.K.
authorities to seize the
properties in question.
Sharif must now nominate an
interim successor to lead the
country until elections in 10
months' time.
He will likely remain a
potent force, now, though,
from behind the scenes.
JUDY WOODRUFF: That report
from Jonathan Miller of
Independent Television News.
Israeli-Palestinian tensions
eased today at a flash point
around a Jerusalem mosque, one
day after Israel removed
new security devices.
But, elsewhere, a Palestinian
teenager was killed in clashes
with Israeli troops at the
Gaza border.
Another Palestinian was shot
and killed in the West Bank,
after attacking Israeli soldiers
with a knife.
A British baby whose
plight gained international
attention died today,
just short of his first
birthday.
Charlie Gard had a rare genetic
disease that damaged his
brain and hindered his ability
to breathe.
His parents had wanted to try
an experimental treatment here
in the U.S., but a British
court ruled that it wouldn't
help, and it blocked the move.
Back in this country, the
U.S. House today approved $3.9
billion in emergency spending
for veterans' medical care.
It is for a program allowing
vets to seek private care
at government expense.
The effort began after
a scandal over long wait
times at VA hospitals.
The bill now goes to the Senate.
President Trump talked tough
today about how police ought
to treat criminal suspects.
It happened during his
speech in Suffolk County,
New York, on Long Island
about illegal immigration
and violent crime.
At one point, he criticized the
police practice of shielding a
suspect's head as they're taken
away.
DONALD TRUMP, President of
the United States: I said,
please don't be too nice.
(LAUGHTER)
DONALD TRUMP: Like, when you
guys put someone in a car and
you're protecting their head,
you know, the way you put
your hand over -- like,
don't hit your head and
they have just killed
somebody, don't hit your head.
I said, you can take
the hand away, OK?
JUDY WOODRUFF: Mr. Trump also
pledged again to -- quote --
"destroy" the violent street
gang MS-13.
Meanwhile, Attorney General Jeff
Sessions was in El Salvador,
where the gang controls
entire towns.
He said that he hopes his
efforts will help mend relations
with the president, who's been
verbally attacking him for days.
Parts of North Carolina's Outer
Banks spent a second day in
the dark, after construction
workers accidentally
cut the power supply.
Cars lined up to take ferries
off Ocracoke Island as officials
ordered a mandatory evacuation
of some 10,000 tourists.
Full restoration of power
could take days or even weeks.
And on Wall Street,
disappointing earnings
from Amazon and other
big firms kept stocks
in check.
The Dow Jones industrial
average managed to gain 33
points to close at 21830.
But the Nasdaq fell seven and
the S&P 500 slipped three.
For the week, the Dow gained 1
percent, the Nasdaq and the S&P
lost a fraction of a percent.
Still to come on the "NewsHour":
Russia retaliates against new
U.S. sanctions; Mark Shields and
David Brooks weigh in on
the White House shakeup;
the 1967 Detroit riots
as seen through the
lens of artists; and much more.
The government of Russia
announced today that the U.S.
would need to drastically reduce
the number of its officials
working in Russia, and could no
longer use two properties there.
Hari Sreenivasan is
in New York with more.
HARI SREENIVASAN: The
move follows two American
actions, both related to
the Russian interference
in the 2016 U.S.
presidential election.
Last December, the
Obama administration
seized two Russian-owned
compounds in the U.S., and
expelled 35 Russian diplomats
who the U.S. claimed were
intelligence operatives.
Yesterday, the U.S.
Senate passed a bill that
included new sanctions on
Russia for its election
hacking.
That bill now awaits the
president's signature or veto.
With me now is special
correspondent Nick Schifrin.
Nick, in addition to what
Judy just told us, what
are the Russians demanding?
NICK SCHIFRIN: Yes.
By September the 1st, the
U.S. has to reduce its staff
inside of Russia to 455.
That's at the embassy in
Moscow and three consulates
around the country.
And by Monday, they will lose
access to a storage facility
inside Moscow, as well as
a country house that
they generally use
right outside of Moscow.
And Russia vows to punish them
even more if the U.S. responds.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Is the
State Department concerned?
Do we have lots
more people there?
NICK SCHIFRIN: Yes, this is a
major escalation because of the
numbers of people who are there.
Former U.S. officials tell me
that there are anywhere from
1,100 to 1,500 staff in Russia,
so to bring that down to
455 could mean expelling
hundreds and hundreds
and hundreds of U.S.
staff.
That is on a magnitude
much higher than the
expelling of 35 Russians
believed to be intelligence
officers by President
Obama last year.
And so, clearly, today's
announcement is designed
not just to affect
U.S. ability to conduct
intelligence in Russia, but the
U.S. ability entirely, the U.S.
government's entire ability
to conduct its
operations in Russia.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Well, what
are the Russians that you
spoke to today telling you?
Is this significant enough?
Is this a turning point?
NICK SCHIFRIN: It could be a
turning point, because it does
seem to signify that President
Vladimir Putin has given
up his hope that the
relationship could get better.
You know, the U.S. and Russia
have high-level talks going on
right now, and Russia certainly
had been expecting some
concessions out of that, but one
Russian official told me today
- - quote -- "We came to a point
where there was no that hope
those talks could yield any
results."
And that lack of hope really
pervades the entire Russian
point of view right now.
They hoped, perhaps
expected, President Trump
to improve the relationship.
And other than some pro-Russian
rhetoric, not much has changed.
There are still country
homes not returned to Russia.
There are still sanctions,
and, as you mentioned,
that congressional bill.
So, Russians have been delayed
this response for seven
months, hoping the relationship
would get better.
And it seems like their
patience has run out.
And, Hari, the U.S. would
say, look, it was Russia that
brought us to this point, both
the election hacking and
its actions in Ukraine.
Russia says, we
didn't hack anything.
And the statement today calls
what the U.S. is doing a
witch-hunt -- quote -- "The U.S.
is using Russia's alleged
interference in its
domestic affairs as an
absolutely contrived
excuse for its persevering and
crude campaigns against Russia."
HARI SREENIVASAN: Finally,
put this in perspective.
You just did a long
series on Russia.
Where is the relationship
between the two countries
in the longer arc?
NICK SCHIFRIN: Even during the
Cold War, there was no occasion
when either side kicked out
hundreds of the
other person's staff.
A lot of Russia watchers
told me today that they think
it's about the early '80s.
It's been that long since this
relationship was that bad.
That's, of course, after the
Soviet invasion of Afghanistan.
Now, what brought the
relationship better in
the '80s was a change
eventually in Soviet
leadership.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Yes.
NICK SCHIFRIN: And President
Putin is not going anywhere.
And so the question is, how
does the U.S. respond, not
only to today, but also does
President Trump sign
that congressional bill
increasing sanctions?
HARI SREENIVASAN: All right,
Nick Schifrin, many thanks.
NICK SCHIFRIN: Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: It's been another
head-turning week in Washington,
from the Republican failure
on health care, to the
president's surprising
statement on transgender
military members,
and a flurry of profanity
from the new White
House communications
director and then, to
cap it off, today's announcement
from Mr. Trump that he is
changing his chief of staff.
Here to help make sense of
it all, Shields and Brooks.
That is syndicated columnist
Mark Shields and New York
Times columnist David Brooks.
So, I thought we had a lot of
things to talk about, David,
before about an hour ago, when
we learned that the president
was changing his chief of staff.
Is this -- I guess we knew
that this might happen.
Reince Priebus has been in
trouble with this president,
we think, for a while, but what
do you think?
DAVID BROOKS: Well, he was never
given the chance to do the job.
Every other chief of staff
we have ever seen sort
of controls the schedule.
They control the tempo
in the White House.
They're the alter
ego of the president.
They are given some clear
sign of respect that they
speak for the president.
And Priebus never had that.
And so he was wounded
and stabbed before
Scaramucci came along.
He was stabbed like a pinata.
And so he was sort of a pathetic
figure hanging out there.
And so this doesn't come
as a total surprise, except
for maybe the timing.
As for General Kelly
taking the job, I sort of
question his sanity there.
He's been a loyalist, but I
really -- with all due respect
to the Marine Corps, I don't
see how someone who's been
trained in pretty orderly chain
of command is going to survive
this mess.
If he can control the
schedule, it will be one thing.
I just don't think that's
going to happen, given all the
independent power figures all
around him.
JUDY WOODRUFF: What do you make
of it, Priebus out and Kelly in?
MARK SHIELDS: Judy, I am
continually amazed that it's not
simply a matter of human decency
or empathy when your boss is
firing anybody to make sure
that that person leaves and has
a soft landing, that
they can leave with their
self-respect, that they
can leave with someplace
to go to, with a plausible
explanation to their family
and friends that they weren't
humiliated, abused and derided.
This president treats staff
and others like a used sickness
bag on a bad airplane flight.
There's just absolutely no sense
of respect or decency shown,
so you humiliate somebody.
And for those who are
left, there is just a
sense of, could I be next?
It certainly doesn't
inspire loyalty.
As far as Kelly is
concerned, General Kelly
is a four-star general.
But I think David
put his finger on it.
He had a very distinguished
and honorable military career.
But he grew up in a
military structure.
He thrived up in a
As a chief of staff at
the White House, this is
a freelancing operation.
There's no chain of command.
There are all sorts of
people who go in and see
the president any time,
who are not accountable
to you or responsible.
And least of all, you have
a president who will even --
won't abide by any sense of a
chain of command or structure.
And I don't know that General
Kelly has any particular
political gifts or knowledge of
the legislative process or
dealings with the press.
So I'm not -- I know that
the president admires
him and the job he's
done at Homeland Security
and his career, but
I don't see the fit.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, we should
say that Reince Priebus, just
in the last few minutes, David,
put out a statement saying
it's been one of the greatest
honors of his life to serve this
president.
I guess that's what
one expects, maybe.
DAVID BROOKS: Gracious.
I'm not sure he would
pass a lie-detector test.
(LAUGHTER)
DAVID BROOKS: But one of the
things that's happening here
is that the president is moving
away from the Republican Party.
Priebus was a link to
the Republican Party.
The congressional
Republicans were -- had
some sort of relationship.
Jeff Sessions was a key to
the link between congressional
Republicans and Donald Trump,
and he's been under
assault in the most
humiliating way imaginable.
And so you're beginning to see
an administration - - I don't
know what party they're joining,
maybe the Bannon party, but
it's not the Republican Party.
And if you want to pass
legislation, you probably need
your allies on Capitol Hill.
If you want to survive
investigative committees,
you probably want some
friends in your party.
And this administration seems to
be moving the other direction.
JUDY WOODRUFF: In fact, you
look at the White House, and
Vice President Mike Pence, Mark,
may be the only person prominent
in the White House circle who
has any kind of Washington
experience.
MARK SHIELDS: Yes, Judy.
And presidents thrive,
ideally, when they're both
loved and feared politically.
And Donald Trump is neither.
Nobody loves him
on Capitol Hill.
And he shows loyalty
is a one-way street.
He's not somebody who has
personal relationships
of any standing.
And the loyalty or disloyalty
that he shows to his people,
including Jeff Sessions, the
attorney general, who was just
humiliated, someone who was
with him early and strong,
at a time when no other senator
stood up for him, and remained
there through all the "Access
Hollywood" and the how to molest
and harass and sexually bar
the women tapes and so forth.
So, there isn't that, Judy.
That doesn't exist.
And David's absolutely right.
When you get in trouble, you
have got to have people who,
A, like you, believe in you and
are willing to go to some
political cost for you.
And we saw that on
the health care.
I mean, Donald Trump had about
as much influence on health care
as I had on the National League
pennant race.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, which
leads us to another - - I mean,
David, you said they have had a
struggle anything passed,
getting legislation passed.
This was a flame-out for them.
DAVID BROOKS: Yes, this
was a bigger thing than
Donald Trump, though.
It was only one bill that lost.
It was four bills that lost.
And it wasn't only
a six-months effort.
It was a seven-year effort.
MARK SHIELDS: I agree.
DAVID BROOKS: And you
could say you could go
back to Newt Gingrich.
Think of all the ways the
Republicans have tried to trim
entitlements like Medicaid or
cut government.
Name a signal victory.
There's not a victory.
They haven't been able
to trim one agency, cut
back one entitlement.
They failed every single time.
And that suggests isn't
an electoral failure.
It's not a failure of whether
Mitch McConnell had the right
strategy or not, though that
was lamentable.
It's a failure of trying to
take things away from people.
People are under
assault from technology.
They're under assault from a
breakdown in social fabric,
breakdown in families.
They have got wage stagnations.
They just don't want a party
to come in and say, we're going
to take more away from you.
And so Republicans have to wrap
their minds around the fact that
the American people basically
decided that health care is
a right, and they figure,
we should get health care.
And our fellow countrymen
should get health care.
It doesn't mean you have to do
it the way the Democrats want
to do it with single-payer
or whatever.
You can do it with
market mechanisms.
But you have basically
got to wrap your mind
around universal coverage.
JUDY WOODRUFF: How do you
see what happened here, Mark?
And where do you see it
going on health care?
MARK SHIELDS: Judy, the yapping
dog, which was the Republican
Party, after chasing the
bus for seven years,
caught it and had no idea
what to do with the bus.
All you needed is that
final vote that Lisa
described so well, and
that is the final argument,
after seven years, after winning
three national elections where
that is your organizing issue,
we're going to repeal Obamacare,
came down to a single promise
and pledge to your fellow
Republicans from the leadership,
and that is, what you are
voting for, we promise will
not become law.
I mean, if you can
imagine anything, I mean,
that just said it all.
I mean, it was a
terrible performance.
The House voted on something
without even a congressional
budget scoring of it.
The Senate voted on something.
They didn't even have a
bill when they brought
it to the floor.
There was no legislation.
So, I mean, it was horrendous.
It was disappointing.
There were no ideas.
There was no will.
There was no imagination.
And there was
certainly no courage.
I don't blame Donald Trump, but
what was Donald Trump saying?
Donald Trump was saying he's
disappointed in the attorney
general because he wasn't
loyal to him.
That was his contribution to
the debate on health care as it
came to a vote in the Senate.
JUDY WOODRUFF: What do you
think the prospects are, David,
that they are going to be able
to work with the Democrats, or
is that just something people
are saying that's never really
Going to happen?
DAVID BROOKS: I think that
there is a potential there.
If the Republicans get to the
point we're going to expand
coverage, let's talk about
how do it, I think you
could do some pretty
market-friendly reforms.
President Bush did it with
the prescription drug bill
a number of years ago.
But they're a long way
from that right now.
MARK SHIELDS: John McCain
does deserve, in my
judgment, a shout-out.
John McCain's vote, flying back,
kept it alive, kept the debate
alive, allowing the motion
to proceed.
And John McCain applied the
-- he gave the speech once he
had the whole audience there
of senators, and he told them
what they had done wrong, that
they all stood accused, that
their cheap partisanship
had replaced any kind
of sense of legislating.
And I really do think that
his vote -- we found out that
the testosterone level among
Republicans was limited
essentially to two members
whose names were Lisa and Susan.
(LAUGHTER)
MARK SHIELDS: And John
McCain joined that
want trio and showed, I
thought, real -- distinct
political courage, and
for the right reasons.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And some of the
Republican men in the House
of Representatives went after
those women, as
a matter of fact.
MARK SHIELDS: Yes, Blake
Farenthold, a courageous
Aaron Burr would-be.
(CROSSTALK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: Aaron Burr.
(LAUGHTER)
JUDY WOODRUFF: It does
raise the question.
People are watching this,
David, and they have to be
asking, is anything going to get
done in our nation's capital,
with the White House in
some measure of chaos?
Yes, there have been some
changes, but where's the
-- you know, what are
people to look forward
to now?
DAVID BROOKS: Yes, I don't
think much is going to get done.
I don't think they're
going to do tax reform.
Tax reform is super hard.
It's potentially as hard or
harder than health care reform.
And it seems very unlikely
that that is going to get done.
And what hasn't happened is,
you don't have people waking
up thinking, how creatively
can I come up with some
piece of legislation that
will do somebody some good?
When I started covering
Congress in the 1980s, there
were a bunch of entrepreneurs.
Jack Kemp was there.
Bill Bradley would have
something on the gold standard.
There was a guy named
Jim Courter who always
had defense reform ideas.
And so you had start-ups in
the back rows of the House.
And then they would
finagle their way
through the committees.
Now you have very
few entrepreneurs.
You have few people
thinking creatively.
I rarely get e-mail.
I rarely calls.
There's a guy named Ro
Khanna from San Francisco
or from Palo Alto who
is a Democrat who thinks
this way.
But there is not as much
as entrepreneurship.
And the main cause is because
the leadership of the body has
taken control and destroyed
creativity throughout the ranks.
And that's a fault of both
Nancy Pelosi probably and Mitch
McConnell, who just centralized
everything.
And so the committee
system is broken and the
start-ups are broken.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And the
White House is having its
own share of problems.
We have alluded to this, Mark,
a lot of attention this week
about this profanity-laced phone
conversation that the new White
House communications director --
he hasn't actually taken the job
yet, but he's been named by
the president - - had with
a "New Yorker" reporter.
It seems that everywhere we
look, there is conflict, there
is screaming, there is discord.
You know, where do we see
hope and something positive?
MARK SHIELDS: Well, obviously
not in Shields and Brooks.
(LAUGHTER)
JUDY WOODRUFF: I'm
giving you a chance.
(CROSSTALK)
MARK SHIELDS: "Mass
For Shut-Ins" is on, on
Sunday at 9:00, if people
want to hear a good
sermon.
No, I would say this,
Judy, that Anthony
Scaramucci is Donald Trump.
Every White House staff
to some degree inevitably
becomes a mirror reflection
of the candidate,
the president.
He is it.
And what he did, Donald Trump
approved of, the abusing of the
chief of staff, the abusing,
the denigration of
other leading members of
the White House staff.
I mean, and did Donald
Trump disapprove?
If you had a 14-year-old
daughter volunteering
on the Hill or a
14-year-old boy, I don't
care, and this is the
kind of language you get?
This is blood-curdling.
It's offensive and it's obscene.
JUDY WOODRUFF: You get
to defend him, David.
DAVID BROOKS: Yes,
it is offensable.
I'm from New York City.
Mark's from Boston.
And on behalf of eight
million New Yorkers, I want to
apologize for our language.
Scaramucci and Trump, I
just want to say that,
even though they're from
Queens and Long Island,
I'm pretty sure
they're Yankee fans.
They're not Mets fans.
(LAUGHTER)
DAVID BROOKS: We
don't talk that way.
MARK SHIELDS: No, Mets fans.
DAVID BROOKS: No,
it's -- I agree.
Blood-curdling
would be the word.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, I
gave you both a chance to
say something positive.
You didn't do it.
MARK SHIELDS: You're
wonderful, Judy.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Maybe we
will let you come back
and try again next week.
(LAUGHTER)
JUDY WOODRUFF: David Brooks,
Mark Shields, thank you both.
Now: a look at how artists
captured Detroit's turbulent
history in the civil rights era.
This week marks the 50th
anniversary of major
civil unrest in the
Motor City, and a unique
series of exhibitions are
chronicling that moment.
Jeffrey Brown went to
Michigan to see them.
JEFFREY BROWN: A fiery red sky,
people trapped in a burning
city, charred remains from the
1967 Detroit riots, a painting
by Yvonne Parks Catchings in an
exhibition titled Say It Loud:
Art, History, Rebellion, at
the Charles H. Wright Museum
of African-American History.
Striking images of
confrontation, and consequences,
in works by national
and local artists from
the 1960s on.
Curator Patrina Chatman:
PATRINA CHATMAN, Curator,
Charles H. Wright Museum
of African-American
History: You see
the emotions of the
artists, describing history
from their perspective.
I see the politics.
I see the social concerns
that people had in it.
I see their pain.
I see and I feel their
pain, and I think other
people will feel it as well.
JEFFREY BROWN: July, 1967,
five days of violence,
fear and destruction in
a major American city
that would leave 43 dead, some
7,200 arrested, and more than
2,000 buildings destroyed.
Fifty years later, some
of the city's leading
cultural institutions
are asking questions:
Was it a riot?
A rebellion?
Even a revolution?
And using art to
look back and ahead.
At the Detroit Historical
Museum, which, for
the record, has been a
funder of the "NewsHour"
and which spearheaded
the citywide effort, old
TVs play news footage.
A replica of a National Guard
tank has been turned into an
audiovisual experience, with
oral histories
told by Detroiters.
The Detroit Institute of Art
weighs in with an exhibition
titled Art of Rebellion: Black
Art of the Civil Rights Movement
with works by individuals,
including leading figures
such as Romare Bearden and
Sam Gilliam, and so-called
collectives formed in the 1960s
and after by artists seeking
a greater voice in society.
VALERIE MERCER, Curator,
Detroit Institute of Art: The
civil rights movement and the
black power movement
emboldened a lot of the
African-American artists.
Most of the mainstream
art museums didn't
provide many opportunities
to African-American
artists during
the '60s and '70s.
They were also very
uncomfortable dealing
with racial, social
and political issues,
so they avoided that work.
Now things are
changing, fortunately.
JEFFREY BROWN: Several local
artists attended the opening,
including Allie McGhee, who told
me of his encounters with the
National Guard 50 years ago.
ALLIE MCGHEE, Artist: I had
people drive up because I was
out past curfew, and have a
young man who's like 17 or
18 scared to death, stick
a bayonet in your ribcage.
You don't forget
stuff like this.
JEFFREY BROWN: For this
exhibition, McGhee contributed a
painting from 1968 titled Black
Attack, and a later abstract
work titled Apartheid.
Since then, his art has gone
well beyond such subjects.
It just took him a while to
get past what he'd witnessed.
ALLIE MCGHEE: It
wasn't something you
could walk away from.
And for me, it sort of like
was a dominant subject matter
for maybe 15 or 20 years.
JEFFREY BROWN: You couldn't
get it out of your head
or your mind or your work?
ALLIE MCGHEE: No, you can't.
Yes, the subtleties
of it kept recurring.
I had to work that out of
my painting experience.
It's not good to be angry.
It lowers the
intellectual level.
You don't accomplish a lot.
You're blinded by it.
JEFFREY BROWN: Rita Dickerson's
painting commemorates the terror
and killings of three black men
at the Algiers Hotel,
one of the most harrowing
episodes of those July days.
But she also adds the names
of young black men and women
killed in police shootings more
recently.
Dickerson grew up on
Detroit's East Side.
RITA DICKERSON, Artist:
We had two bakeries.
We had a hardware
store, two pharmacies.
Everything was there
within one block, and we
could walk every place.
And during the riot,
all that burned down.
And 50 years later,
it has not returned.
It's still desolate.
And it breaks my
heart, breaks my heart.
JEFFREY BROWN: In so many
of Detroit's neighborhoods,
on so many blocks, the
abandoned homes and
empty lots remain.
But there are signs of
life in Detroit today.
The youngest artist in the
exhibition, 29-year-old
Mario Moore, is literally
a product of the
museum.
His parents met here.
MARIO MOORE, Artist: So, it's
my grandmother holding images
of her living sons, right,
and the sense of protection,
like, these are mine, you
can't have them, right?
JEFFREY BROWN: His
grandmother, Helen Moore,
is a longtime Detroit
activist, and the subject
of Mario's work here.
It addresses violence
and how it's portrayed.
MARIO MOORE: As soon as you
turn on the news, what tends to
happen is they show the mourning
black mother, right, the mother
that's crying about the recent
death of her son, her husband,
her daughter.
JEFFREY BROWN: That's
the narrative, the story.
MARIO MOORE: That's
the narrative you get.
And I feel like it was something
that began out of a way to
kind of find compassion for
the other, right?
But once that gets used over
and over and over and over
again, it loses its value.
Nobody really cares anymore.
And, for me, the women
in my family have a very
different perspective.
I feel like they're
very protective,
they're very powerful.
JEFFREY BROWN: Different
perspectives on Detroit's
past and future, through
exhibitions around
the city over the coming months.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm
Jeffrey Brown in Detroit.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Finally, to our
"NewsHour" Shares, something
that caught our eye that
we thought might be of
interest to you, too.
Boston's inner city often sees
a spike in violence during
the summer, when many students
are out of school
and on the streets.
But as Tina Martin from PBS
station WGBH reports, one mother
is trying to change that trend
by exposing young
people to the outdoors.
TINA MARTIN: Amid trees,
chirping birds and rugged rocks,
it wasn't always easy to do,
but Judith Foster smiles
as she leads her group on a
three-mile walk through the Blue
Hills Reservation in Milton.
The walks are part
of her HERO group.
JUDITH FOSTER, HERO: Healing,
empathy, redemption, oasis.
TINA MARTIN: Foster started
the walks as a way to
heal from her own tragedy.
JUDITH FOSTER: About 8:00 in
the morning or so, I got home
from work, and that was the
news I got home to, that
my son had been murdered.
TINA MARTIN: Four years ago,
Judith's youngest child, Paul,
a senior at a college in North
Carolina, was shot and killed
at a nightclub, just few weeks
before he was set to graduate
with a degree in
computer science.
Paul's murder is still
under investigation.
But during her time of loss and
grief, Judith says she found
solace in walking the Blue
Hills.
JUDITH FOSTER: He had a love
of nature, and I thought by
being doing this, being close
to nature, I would
be close to him.
TINA MARTIN: So, every
Saturday, she invites
people to walk with her.
BAKARI JOHNSON, Walker: We
have to do something to break
the cycle, break the mold.
Nobody would think is
something that would be
fun at the end of the day.
You think nature walk, you are
thinking, oh, come on, this
is some tree hugger stuff.
But, at the end of the
day, anybody can do it
and anybody can enjoy it.
TINA MARTIN:
Twenty-five-year-old Bakari
Johnson uses the walks to
get away from the noise
of the city.
He hopes to keep walking
all summer to stay
away from trouble.
BAKARI JOHNSON: It is a worry,
but, personally, I feel like
I have been not just lucky so
far.
I feel like part of the reason
I'm still here is because
I have also been smart.
JUDITH FOSTER: And
don't be afraid to touch
the trees, the leaves.
PASTOR MARK SCOTT, Co-Chair,
Boston Youth Violence Reduction
Task Force: It's really
simple, right?
What we're doing is
taking a walk in nature,
which is a tremendous
resource that is available
to us.
We're doing it with friends.
TINA MARTIN: Pastor Mark Scott,
co-chair of the Boston Youth
Violence Reduction Task Force,
hopes, as it gets hotter and
violence spikes, young people
will choose to take a few steps
to keep the peace.
PASTOR MARK SCOTT:
We're constantly being
hit and bombarded by
this kind of violence,
and we have to react
to it every time.
But there are things that we
can do, traditions that we can
create, like coming out on 12:00
noon a Saturday to take a
walk in the woods that are
right next to your city.
TINA MARTIN: The HERO group
gets bigger as the weeks go by.
The walks are free
and open to anyone.
Judith believes her
son Paul would approve.
JUDITH FOSTER: He's smiling.
He's loving it.
I find strength in knowing
that I'm doing something
that he loved to do.
TINA MARTIN: For the "PBS
NewsHour," I'm Tina Martin
in Milton, Massachusetts.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And on the
"NewsHour" online: Our politics
team recently asked for your
best haiku, a short form
of Japanese poetry, about
the health care battle.
And you sent in an outpouring
of poetic expression.
Ronnie Dugger and Dorothy
Workman sent in our winning
poems, which you can read in our
Here's the Deal newsletter
that you can sign up to receive
in your inbox every week, and
on our Web site,
PBS.org/NewsHour.
And another reminder that Robert
Costa will continue coverage
of the most recent White
House shakeup and the aftermath
of the health care vote on
"Washington Week," which airs
later tonight here on PBS.
Tomorrow on "PBS NewsHour
Weekend": India is creating a
biometric database of all its
citizens using fingerprints
and eye scans, but some have
raised privacy and security
concerns.
NARRATOR: Ajay Bhushan
Pandey heads Aadhaar,
the agency running the
identification program.
AJAY BHUSHAN PANDEY, Aadhaar:
We have now reached the
figure of 1.15 billion.
NARRATOR: Pandey says the
Aadhaar project will improve
national security by making it
easier to monitor
border crossings with
India's neighbors.
Opponents of Aadhaar were
skeptical when it began
as a voluntary program
to improve transparency
in the welfare system.
MAN: You need electricity 24/7.
You need the Internet
up and running 24/7.
You need proper data speeds.
So, given the limitations
of technology, given
the absence of a privacy
law, for the government
to steamroller this kind of
scheme, to my mind, seems
to be rather ill-advised.
JUDY WOODRUFF: That's tomorrow
night on "PBS NewsHour Weekend."
And tune in Sunday for
a special PBS event.
Witness bears and wolves
in the wild live with hosts
Chris and Martin Kratt.
"Wild Alaska Live" offers an
up-close and personal look at
some of the most remote areas
of the country, and a great
change from Washington.
And that's the
"NewsHour" for tonight.
I'm Judy Woodruff.
Have a great weekend.
Thank you, and good night.